[dramatic music]
[somber music]
[Greta] Surely it would have been safer
to do this during daylight.
[Alucard] We would have been expected
We may call them night creatures,
but they operate perfectly
when in sunshine.
But surely the vampires who command them
are disadvantaged by daylight.
Their night creatures
are clearly being instructed.
The attacks are too targeted.
So we're moving before
they can be given fresh orders.
[Alucard] We live in hope, yes.
And our chances of making it
to your castle
before we're spotted
and those fresh orders are given?
Oh, somewhere between slim and none,
I would imagine.
When I want to hear from you,
I'll throw a coin in your begging bowl.
All this and a magical tramp.
"Magical"?
I've lived out here my whole life.
We live next to the spirits
of wood and stream,
the things that come with the storm
and the smell of magic.
You smell of it. He reeks of it.
Hm.
What does it smell like to you?
On you, it's sweet like spices.
On him, it's rotten.
[Saint Germain] Yes, it's--
it's rendered me quite deaf.
[chuckles]
I am but a scholar, madam.
The scents you detect are entirely down
to Alucard having recently used soap
and my having to fight your chickens
for access to pond water.
And losing.
And indeed losing.
I am a man of books.
Your earthy peasant ways
are quite beyond me.
My skills lie in other directions.
Pity. I was hoping you were good
with a knife.
I'm going to circle around
and make sure I don't have stragglers.
Just a scholar, then?
Well, and very good at inventing drinks.
I used to know someone
who would have liked that about you.
who liked that about me.
I hope to see her again soon.
I hope you do.
That sounds comforting.
Oh, yes. Thank you.
[twig snaps]
Keep walking.
[flies buzzing]
[eerie music]
[rough panting]
[growling]
[gasps]
[growls weakly]
That's right.
No calls for help from you.
[grunts]
Doesn't it look absolutely
bloody exhausting?
Move, man!
[sounds of combat continue]
Could you seriously not have considered
taking the arrow out of his brain?
Just pull the thing out.
You can't just pull arrows out.
The barbs on the back of the arrowhead
tear the flesh open
if you yank the thing free.
You do know he's already dead?
Would you want to wake up
with an arrowhead filling your eye socket?
[grunts]
There. [sighs] Now...
let's try thinking for a moment before
bringing the next one in, shall we?
[intense music]
[growls softly]
[flesh hisses]
You're back in the world.
Take a breath.
[inhales]
This is your place now.
These two will mark you out
and take you where you need to be.
[growls softly]
[sighs] Next.
[Lenore] Can I just say...
that I find this whole blasphemous
process disgusting?
Then why are you sitting there
watching it?
Because I want
to hate it properly.
Don't you have anything
better to do?
[footsteps, faint dragging]
[Lenore] No.
Wait outside until I call you.
What's wrong, Lenore?
Nothing's wrong. What makes you
say something's wrong?
I've got eyes and ears.
I know when something's wrong.
All right.
When Carmilla's left on her own
for too long,
she starts to scheme,
and that works out really well for us.
Styria might be the oldest stable
vampire community in the world,
certainly the only one run by women.
I'm overjoyed.
[scoffs] Shush.
Morana and Striga are away.
I've been busy taking care
of some of Morana's work
and spending time with you,
and Carmilla's been on her own a lot.
Now, do you know how Styria
has lasted so long?
Because you're all very clever
vampire sisters?
[chuckles]
You've been paying attention.
Yes, but also because
we didn't overreach.
Vampires are thirsty, Lenore.
It's what defines you.
There's always more blood to be drunk
somewhere across the next field.
But we didn't do that, not really.
But now I'm...
I don't know, and it's...
It's leaving me feeling a bit lost.
Like my place in our system
has been erased.
I think you were the last problem
I had to solve.
Yes. Thanks again for that.
Oh, shush. You were having fun.
Well, right up until almost the end.
But you're making another point.
This is why I like you.
You're capable
of actually listening to me.
Maybe you'll reach your other point
before I die of old age.
The four of us support each other.
But soon I'll have nothing to do.
Nothing to offer.
There's no diplomacy involved in making
humans stand in line to be bled.
All the humans.
-And not just in Europe.
-Oh?
She showed me her maps.
I made her angry, I think.
She showed me maps of the world.
I know, I know.
A giant human pen from here to Braila.
I've had the lectures.
Not anymore.
[sighs]
She's been scheming.
And she showed me maps
of the world, Hector.
The world.
The pen was about securing our survival
and safety for centuries to come.
It was an insane idea, but we
could stretch and make it work.
But now she sees weakness everywhere.
And we were a strong and stable community
in a world that lost many
of its vampire leaders at Braila.
So what you're saying is if it's there,
she's going to drink it.
She said she had one plan:
To annex land
from here to the sea.
She promised me that was her plan,
and then she was left alone,
and then I made her angry
and she showed me her maps.
I think she lied to me.
Just the way Dracula lied to me.
[intense music]
[snarling]
Look at them die!
I know you're all tired and scared,
but they're just bloody animals!
Kill the bastards!
My family came here generations ago.
They escaped from the Romans,
so the story goes.
You could probably trace your family
back to Carthage, perhaps further.
My family's here.
We've been in Danesti since it was
just a wide spot in the road.
People from all over
wash up here and stay.
We don't trace back to anywhere.
We're all from here.
That must be nice,
to be from somewhere.
Well...
we're not there anymore.
[people shuddering]
[dog yipping]
[whimpering]
[all screaming]
And then, I'm ashamed to say,
I put them on stakes outside the castle
like I was my father.
Okay.
I'm just saying,
I am not at my best.
It has been...
difficult.
Hmm. I can see that.
I mean, I had a boyfriend and a girlfriend
at the same time once,
but they never tried to kill me.
Actually, no. I tell a lie.
-His wife went for me with a pitchfork.
-[laughs]
I knew you'd be strange,
but I didn't think it would be something
like this that brought you back to life.
It's always something like this.
A war?
It always looks like a war.
But really, it's a rescue.
Alone. Then the fight. The rescue.
Then alone.
I should probably grow all the way up
and accept it now.
There are worse things.
You could be outside someone else's castle
with a stake up your bum.
They seem to be getting the hang of it.
As you said, they were tired.
They've been living through this too long.
It's only natural to want
to sleep through it.
That sounded like you spoke
from experience.
[sighs]
It seems like a long time ago.
Dragan, you bloody fool.
If this little show you're putting on
gets us all killed,
this was for nothing.
[intense music]
[distorted snarling]
I'm not backing off.
Just give me some space.
I came to do a job.
I'm asking your permission to do it.
All right.
[screams]
[grunts]
[birds chirping]
Dracula's castle.
Astonishing.
It's really quite--
Ugly as sin.
It's not ugly.
It's ugly.
And it's sad.
And it's cold.
Bad things happened here.
That's my childhood home
you're talking about.
Well, that explains a lot.
Sorry.
Some places just have a chill on them.
Maybe my people and I
can warm it up a little.
It's magnificent.
And there.
The Belmont Hold, I believe.
This, my dear lady,
may be the most important place
in the modern world.
At this moment, it is the best defense
I can think of.
Welcome to my home.
You know what bothers me so much?
No. It's just another lovely day
in shit town.
[scoffs]
Three things.
Oh, good. A list.
One: You're still a terrible human being.
Never claimed to be anything else.
That doesn't make it better.
Two: You're right.
I may faint dead away.
Shut up.
We've been running from event to event,
reacting instead of planting our feet
and just acting.
But I've also been caught up
in the adventure.
And it's making me forget things.
Such as?
Third:
-This mess.
-[horse whickers]
Well, they're doing what they can.
No, they're not thinking.
They're in shock.
Oh, I know.
But it's still a mess. Look.
I come from a people who have weaved
a community across the world,
and I know you know
what that community does.
It fixes things,
and it remembers.
All I see here are people
who've forgotten.
Wait.
You.
Yes, you people.
No, don't look at me like that.
Listen, you cannot put latrines that close
to where you sleep and cook.
You'll all get sick.
This isn't hard.
Where are you storing your food?
The court needs this.
You will by God give tribute
to your rulers.
Oh, hell, no!
What?
You want these people to give up
what little food they can find
to your invisible king and queen?
It's not safe for them up here.
And it's not safe for these people
to give up eating.
Don't get in my way.
I realize that we are on the same side,
but you need to understand
that I can kill you by looking at you.
I also realize that these people
need to organize.
They need--
They can't help you
until they help themselves.
Otherwise, your invisible king and queen
will rule over nothing but bones.
Do you think that's what they want?
-Well--
-Do you?
No.
So you can give me a hand.
Are these carts yours?
No? Those are his?
We need to pull them around.
Have these buildings behind us
been cleared?
They're abandoned.
You are cleverer than that.
This city is overrun with night creatures.
They're coming from somewhere.
First rule is make your shelter safe.
Can some of your fellow fighters
help these people clear these buildings?
[chuckles]
[sighs]
If there's an underground court,
then there's got to be a series
of catacombs under the city.
Like Gresit.
Because if there was just one
underground location,
it would have been found
by the vampires already.
They have to have been hiding inside an
extensive network of tunnels and spaces.
Hmm.
Extensive enough that the bloody vampires
are nesting down there, too.
Hmm. Mm.
And these things must be everywhere.
[intense music]
[shrieks]
[grunts]
-[crowd screaming]
-[gasps]
[grunts]
[groans]
[pulsing]
[shouts]
[mysterious music]
When I began this journey,
I had a very simple plan.
That plan has evolved.
The plan is now conquest.
[roaring]
Kill everything you see!
Except Hector the forgemaster.
He is for me alone.
Begin!
[creatures snarling]
[ominous music]
[somber music]
[high-pitched voice] Frederator!